add: config to emit warning for legacy target names (#4905)
PostgREST/postgrest: docs/references/configuration.rst

  .. code:: bash

    server-unix-socket-mode = "660"

.. _url-use-legacy-target-names:

url-use-legacy-target-names
---------------------------

  =============== =================================
  **Type**        Boolean

>   **Default**     False

Author: The new `WARNING` on the logs + header is looking very useful, it's a shame to have it off by default after so much work. On a previous argument we said this was better for new users, but IMO our old users should be far larger than new ones.

I believe we should do it like this:

- v16: `url-use-legacy-target-names=true` by default and announce the deprecation
- v18: `url-use-legacy-target-names=false` and announce the breaking change, letting users know they can opt out.
- v20: Remove `url-use-legacy-target-names` with no chance to opt out.

That should give users more than enough time to migrate. It's the nicest way IMHO.

@laurenceisla @wolfgangwalther WDYT?

Reviewer: Sure, I guess. I don't see a problem with that. Although I must say, it's astonishing how many times we agreed on some plan for this already, before changing it all over again.

Author: I think it's because it's the first time we're really smoothing out a breaking change in URL syntax. For next time we can just copy this process and not spend much energy discussing it again :crossed_fingers:

  **Reloadable**  Y
  **Environment** PGRST_URL_USE_LEGACY_TARGET_NAMES
  **In-Database** pgrst.url_use_legacy_target_names
  =============== =================================

  When active, it allows using the the name of an embedded table in filters, orders or limits even if it has an alias:

  .. code:: bash

    curl "http://localhost:3000/table?select=alias:target(*)&target.order=id" -i

  .. code:: text

>     Warning: 299 PostgRESTv15(pre-release) "Embedded resource was referenced by relation name even though it has an alias. This is deprecated and will stop working in a future release. Update `target` to `alias` in query string filters, orders or limits."

Author: The `pre-release` shouldn't be mentioned here

```suggestion
    Warning: 299 PostgRESTv16 "Embedded resource was referenced by relation name even though it has an alias. This is deprecated and will stop working in a future release. Update `target` to `alias` in query string filters, orders or limits."
```
